Added a new Variant in Header Component (#3459)
ONSdigital/design-system: src/components/header/_macro-options.md

| mastheadLogoUrl       | string                                            | false                                                          | Wraps the masthead logo in a link. Set the URL for the HTML `href` attribute for the link.                                                     |
| mastheadLogo          | object`<MastheadLogo>`                            | false                                                          | Settings for a [custom organisation logo](#mastheadlogo) in the masthead. Defaults to the ONS logo.                                            |
| language              | object`<Language>`                                | false                                                          | Settings for the [language selector](#language)                                                                                                |
| serviceLinks          | object`<ServiceLinks>`                            | false                                                          | Settings for the [service links](#servicelinks) in the masthead                                                                                |

> | title                 | string                                            | true (unless `titleLogo` is set or variant is set to nav-only) | The title for the service                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Needs to be updated

> | title                 | string                                            | true (unless `titleLogo` is set or variant is set to nav-only) | The title for the service                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| title                 | string                                            | true (unless `titleLogo` is set or variant is set to basic) | The title for the service                                                                                                                      |
```
